#CNV -62298 -  CPU hotplug with networkInterfaceMultiqueue enabled (#95585)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/virt-hot-plugging-cpu.adoc

+
If the VM is migratable, a live migration is triggered. If not, or if the changes cannot be live-updated, a `RestartRequired` condition is added to the VM.

[NOTE]
====
If a VM has the `spec.template.spec.domain.devices.networkInterfaceMultiQueue` field enabled and CPUs are hot plugged, the following behavior occurs:

* Existing network interfaces that you attach before the CPU hot plug retain their original queue count, even after you add more virtual CPUs (vCPUs). The underlying virtualization technology causes this expected behavior.  
* To update the queue count of existing interfaces to match the new vCPU configuration, you can restart the VM. A restart is only necessary if the update improves performance.  

> * * New VirtIO network interfaces that you hot plugged after the CPU hotplug automatically receive a queue count that matches the updated vCPU configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* New VirtIO network interfaces that you hot plugged after the CPU hotplug automatically receive a queue count that matches the updated vCPU configuration.
```

Hi @Vaishali-gif-rh . Just one more change.

+
If the VM is migratable, a live migration is triggered. If not, or if the changes cannot be live-updated, a `RestartRequired` condition is added to the VM.

[NOTE]
====

> If a VM has the `spec.template.spec.domain.devices.networkInterfaceMultiQueue` field enabled and CPUs are hot-plugged, the following behavior occurs:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If a VM has the `spec.template.spec.domain.devices.networkInterfaceMultiQueue` field enabled and CPUs are hot plugged, the following behavior occurs:
```

I'm basing this on doc repo searches for similar examples. The hyphen form would need to a closing noun.

* Existing network interfaces that you attach before the CPU hot plug retain their original queue count, even after you add more virtual CPUs (vCPUs). The underlying virtualization technology causes this expected behavior.  
* To update the queue count of existing interfaces to match the new vCPU configuration, you can restart the VM. A restart is only necessary if the update improves performance.  

> * New VirtIO network interfaces that you hot-plug after the CPU hot plug automatically receive a queue count that matches the updated vCPU configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* New VirtIO network interfaces that you hot plugged after the CPU hotplug automatically receive a queue count that matches the updated vCPU configuration.
```

Reviewer: Verb form is two words. See https://redhat-documentation.github.io/supplementary-style-guide/#hot-plug

> * Existing network interfaces that were attached before the CPU hot plug retain their original queue count, even after additional virtual CPUs (vCPUs) are added. This behavior is expected due to the underlying virtualization technology.
> * To update the queue count of existing interfaces to match the new vCPU configuration, you can optionally restart the VM. A restart is not required unless this update is needed for performance reasons.
> * Any new virtio network interfaces that are hot-plugged after the CPU hot plug automatically have their queue count configured to match the updated vCPU configuration.

Reviewer 2: To get rid of passive voice.  ([IBM style guide link](https://www.ibm.com/docs/en/ibm-style?topic=grammar-verbs#voice))
Some changes to active voice might not work, I'll leave that one to you :+1: 

Other suggestions:
* Changing `additional` to `more` to lower the readability score
* Chanching "virtio" to "VirtIO", which seems to be the standard in [Vitrualization docs](https://docs.redhat.com/en/documentation/openshift_container_platform/4.19/html/virtualization/index)

```suggestion
* Existing network interfaces that you attached before the CPU hot plug retain their original queue count, even after you add more virtual CPUs (vCPUs) . The underlying virtualization technology causes this expected behavior.
* To update the queue count of existing interfaces to match the new vCPU configuration, you can optionally restart the VM. You only need to restart if you need this update to improve performance.
* New VirtIO network interfaces that you hot-plug after the CPU hot plug automatically receive a queue count that matches the updated vCPU configuration.
```
